README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Blache Yong &amp; CO animations library</h1>

On scroll animation utilities, elements entering viewport + parallax effects. This library uses GSAP and Scrolltrigger.

## Installation

```sh
npm install byc-animations
```

## Getting Started

### Javacript
```js
import BycAnimations from 'byc-animations';

const animation = new BycAnimations();
```

### Instance settings

| Option                    | Type                   | Default         | Description                                                                 |
| -----------------------   | ---------------------- | --------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `animateStart`            | `string`               | `top 70%`       | First value represents the part of the trigger which will initiate the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport.     |
| `animateEnd`              | `string`               | `''`            | First value represents the part of the trigger which will trigger the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport.      |
| `animateMarkers`          | `boolean, object`      | `false`         | Enable visual markers for animate-content during development to see exactly where the start/end/trigger points are. Customization options abound, like markers: `{startColor: "green", endColor: "red", fontSize: "12px"}`       |
| `inViewClass`             | `string`               | `in-view`       | HTML class to apply on an element once its in the viewport.                 |
| `outViewClass`            | `string`               | `out-view`      | HTML class to apply on an element once its outside the viewport.            |
| `parallaxStart`           | `string`               | `top bottom`    | First value represents the part of the trigger which will initiate the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport.     |
| `parallaxEnd`             | `string`               | `''`            | First value represents the part of the trigger which will trigger the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport.      |
| `parallaxMarkers`         | `boolean, object`      | `false`         | Enable visual markers for parallax during development to see exactly where the start/end/trigger points are. Customization options abound, like markers: `{startColor: "green", endColor: "red", fontSize: "12px"}`              |
| `parallaxScrub`           | `boolean, number`      | `true`          | <ul style="padding-left: 15px;"><li> **Boolean:** if `true`, links the animation's progress directly to the ScrollTrigger's progress.</li> <li> **Number:** The amount of time (in seconds) that the playhead should take to "catch up", so scrub: 0.5 would cause the animation's playhead to take 0.5 seconds to catch up with the scrollbar's position. It's great for smoothing things out.</li></ul>        |
| `smoothScroll`            | `boolean`              | `true`          | Set to `false` to disable lenis smooth scrolling.                           |
| `scrollDirection`         | `string`               | `vertical`      | Scroll direction: `vertical` or `horizontal`                                |
| `scrollGestureDirection`  | `string`               | `vertical`      | Your gesture direction on your trackpad/magic mouse or your touch devices. `vertical`, `horizontal` or `both`                                                                |
| `scrollDuration`          | `number`               | `1.2`           | The duration of scroll animation (in seconds).                              |
| `scrollEasing`            | `function`             | `Math.min(1, 1.001 - Math.pow(2, -10 * t))`           | The easing function to use for the scroll animation, our default is custom but you can pick one from <a href="https://easings.net/en">Easings.net</a>.    |
| `scrollInfinite`          | `boolean`              | `false`         | Enable infinite scrolling.                                                  |
| `scrollTouchMultiplier`   | `number`               | `2`             | Multiply touch action to scroll faster than finger movement.                                    |
| `scrollWheelMultiplier`   | `number`               | `1`             | Multiply wheel action to scroll faster than wheel movement.                                    |
| `scrollWrapper`           | `HTMLElement, Window`  | `window`        | The element that will be used as the scroll container.                      |

### Styles

#### SASS
Import the SASS file

```SCSS
@import "byc-animations/dist/byc-animations";
```

You can override the following variables (need to be done before importing the BYC-animation SASS files):

| Variable                         | Default                | Description                                                                                   |
| -------------------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `$animate-easing`                | `ease-in-out` | Default transition easing value  
| `$animate-delay`                 | `0s`          | Default delay value  
| `$animate-duration`              | `0.35s`       | Default transition duration value                                                             |  
| `$animate-opacity-duration`      | `0.35s`       | Default opacity duration value   
| `$animate-opacity-start`         | `0`           | Default opacity start value  
| `$animate-opacity-end`           | `1`           | Default opacity end value   
| `$animate-border-radius`         | `0`           | Default border-radius value on reveal pseudo-elements 
| `$animate-background-color`      | `#FFFFFF`     | Default background-color value of reveal animation 
| `$animate-foreground-color`      | `#F4F4F4`     | Default foreground-color value of reveal animation 
| `$animate-reveal-delay`          | `0.35s`       | Default reveal delay value   
| `$animate-reveal-duration`       | `0.4s`        | Default reveal duration value   
| `$animate-slide-duration`        | `0.65s`       | Default slide duration value    
| `$animate-slide-offset`          | `50px`        | Default slide offset value   
| `$animate-zoom-start`            | `.5`          | Default zoom start value                             |
| `$animate-zoom-end`              | `none`        | Default zoom end value                               |

### CSS

| Variable                         | Default                | Description                                                                                   |
| -------------------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-easing`                | `ease-in-out` | Default transition easing value  
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-delay`                 | `0s`          | Default delay value  
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-duration`              | `0.35s`       | Default transition duration value                                                             |  
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-opacity-duration`      | `0.35s`       | Default opacity duration value   
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-opacity-start`         | `0`           | Default opacity start value  
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-opacity-end`           | `1`           | Default opacity end value   
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-border-radius`         | `0`           | Default border-radius value on reveal pseudo-elements 
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-background-color`      | `#FFFFFF`     | Default background-color value of reveal animation 
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-foreground-color`      | `#F4F4F4`     | Default foreground-color value of reveal animation 
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-reveal-delay`          | `0.35s`       | Default reveal delay value   
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-reveal-duration`       | `0.4s`        | Default reveal duration value   
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-slide-duration`        | `0.65s`       | Default slide duration value    
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-slide-offset`          | `50px`        | Default slide offset value   
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-zoom-start`            | `.5`          | Default zoom start value                             |
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-zoom-end`              | `none`        | Default zoom end value                               |

### Markup

```HTML
<div data-animate="fade">Lorem ipsum</div>
<p data-animate="slide" data-animate-delay=".15">Dolor sit amet consecatur</p>
```

## Element attributes for animate-content function

| Attribute                            | Type                     | Description                                                                              |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `data-animate`                       | `fade`, `reveal`, `slide`, `zoom`                         | Detect if element is in viewport. Add classes `.in-view` and `.out-view`. Applies selected animation (CSS). |
| `data-animate-repeat`                | `boolean`                | (Optional) Allow to repeat animation every time element enters viewport |
| `data-animate-start`                 | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default start position. First value represents the part of the trigger which will initiate the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport. Ex: `top center`  |
| `data-animate-end`                   | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default end position. First value represents the part of the trigger which will trigger the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport. Ex: `center 20%`  |
| `data-animate-trigger`               | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default trigger element. Ex: `#page-title`  |
| `data-animate-easing`                | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default easing. Ex: `ease-out` or `cubic-bezier(0.550, 0.055, 0.675, 0.190)`  |
| `data-animate-delay`                 | `number`                 | (Optional) Set transition-delay on element. Value in seconds.    
| `data-animate-duration`              | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default transition duration CSS property. Value in seconds. |
| `data-animate-opacity-duration`      | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default transition duration CSS property of opacity. Value in seconds. |
| `data-animate-opacity-start`         | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default opacity CSS property at the beginning of the animation. Value from 0.0 - 1.0 |
| `data-animate-opacity-end`           | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default opacity CSS property at the end of the animation. Value from 0.0 - 1.0 |
| `data-animate-border-radius`         | `string`                 | (Optional) Specific to `reveal` animations, border-radius value in any unit (px, %, rem, em) |
| `data-animate-background`            | `string`                 | (Optional) Specific to `reveal` animations, background-color of the `::before` pseudo-element |
| `data-animate-foreground`            | `string`                 | (Optional) Specific to `reveal` animations, background-color of the `::after` pseudo-element |
| `data-animate-reveal-delay`          | `number`                 | (Optional) Specific to `reveal` animations, delay transition between the background and foreground pseudo-elements. Value in seconds. |
| `data-animate-reveal-duration`       | `number`                 | (Optional) Specific to `reveal` animations, override default transition duration of background and foreground animations. Value in seconds. |
| `data-animate-slide-duration`        | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default transition duration CSS property of translateY. Value in seconds. |                            |
| `data-animate-slide-offset`          | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default translateY value for "slide" transition. Can be in px or %  |
| `data-animate-zoom-start`            | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default scale CSS property at the beginning of the animation. Value is a number or a percentage |
| `data-animate-zoom-end`              | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default scale CSS property at the end of the animation. Value is a number or a percentage |


## Element attributes for parallax function

| Attribute                    | Type                     | Description                                                                              |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `data-parallax-from`         | `string`                 | Define the starting values to animate "from". Ex: `{ "opacity": "1", "translateY": "0" }`|
| `data-parallax-to`           | `string`                 | Define the end values to animate "to". Ex: `{ "opacity": "0.25", "translateY": "-350px" }` |
| `data-parallax-start`        | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default start position. First value represents the part of the trigger which will initiate the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport. Ex: `top center`  |
| `data-parallax-end`          | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default end position. First value represents the part of the trigger which will trigger the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport. Ex: `center 20%`  |
| `data-parallax-scrub`        | `boolean, number`        | (Optional) <ul style="margin-top: 5px; padding-left: 15px;"><li> **Boolean:** if `true`, links the animation's progress directly to the ScrollTrigger's progress.</li> <li> **Number:** The amount of time (in seconds) that the playhead should take to "catch up", so scrub: 0.5 would cause the animation's playhead to take 0.5 seconds to catch up with the scrollbar's position. It's great for smoothing things out.</li></ul> |
| `data-parallax-trigger`      | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default trigger element. Ex: `#page-title`  |

### Instance methods

| Method                       | Description                                                | Arguments                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ---------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `destroy(animate, scroll)`   | `Destroys the scroll events.`                              | <ul style="padding-left: 15px;"><li>`animate` (boolean): Destroy all scroll triggers, `true` by default.</li><li>`scroll` (boolean): Destroy lenis scroll, `true` by default.</li></ul>       |
| `refresh()`                  | `Recalculates the positioning of all of the ScrollTriggers on the page; this typically happens automatically when the window/scroller resizes but you can force it by calling .refresh()`  |        |
| `scrollTo(target, options)`  | `Scroll to target.`                                        | `target`: goal to reach <ul><li>`number`: value to scroll in pixels</li><li>`string`: CSS selector or keyword (top, left, start, bottom, right, end)</li><li>`HTMLElement`: DOM element</li></ul> `target`: goal to reach <ul><li>`offset` (number): equivalent to <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/scroll-padding-top">scroll-padding-top</a></li><li>`lerp` (number): animation lerp intensity</li><li>`duration` (number): animation duration (in seconds)</li><li>`easing` (function): animation easing</li><li>`immediate` (boolean): ignore duration, easing and lerp</li><li>`lock` (boolean): whether or not to prevent the user from scrolling until the target is reached</li><li>`force` (boolean): reach target even if instance is stopped</li><li>`onComplete` (function): called when the target is reached</li></ul>     |
| `start()`                    | `Resumes the scroll`                                       |        |
| `stop()`                     | `Pauses the scroll`                                        |        |

Commit message:

New batch method + update index and readme, fix issue of delay on reveal animation, update lenis

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Blache Yong &amp; CO animations library</h1>

On scroll animation utilities, elements entering viewport + parallax effects. This library uses GSAP and Scrolltrigger.

## Installation

```sh
npm install byc-animations
```

## Getting Started

### Javacript
```js
import BycAnimations from 'byc-animations';

const animation = new BycAnimations();
```

### Instance settings

| Option                    | Type                   | Default         | Description                                                                 |
| -----------------------   | ---------------------- | --------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `animateStart`            | `string`               | `top 70%`       | First value represents the part of the trigger which will initiate the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport.     |
| `animateEnd`              | `string`               | `''`            | First value represents the part of the trigger which will trigger the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport.      |
| `animateMarkers`          | `boolean, object`      | `false`         | Enable visual markers for animate-content during development to see exactly where the start/end/trigger points are. Customization options abound, like markers: `{startColor: "green", endColor: "red", fontSize: "12px"}`       |
| `inViewClass`             | `string`               | `in-view`       | HTML class to apply on an element once its in the viewport.                 |
| `outViewClass`            | `string`               | `out-view`      | HTML class to apply on an element once its outside the viewport.            |
| `parallaxStart`           | `string`               | `top bottom`    | First value represents the part of the trigger which will initiate the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport.     |
| `parallaxEnd`             | `string`               | `''`            | First value represents the part of the trigger which will trigger the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport.      |
| `parallaxMarkers`         | `boolean, object`      | `false`         | Enable visual markers for parallax during development to see exactly where the start/end/trigger points are. Customization options abound, like markers: `{startColor: "green", endColor: "red", fontSize: "12px"}`              |
| `parallaxScrub`           | `boolean, number`      | `true`          | <ul style="padding-left: 15px;"><li> **Boolean:** if `true`, links the animation's progress directly to the ScrollTrigger's progress.</li> <li> **Number:** The amount of time (in seconds) that the playhead should take to "catch up", so scrub: 0.5 would cause the animation's playhead to take 0.5 seconds to catch up with the scrollbar's position. It's great for smoothing things out.</li></ul>        |
| `smoothScroll`            | `boolean`              | `true`          | Set to `false` to disable lenis smooth scrolling.                           |
| `scrollDirection`         | `string`               | `vertical`      | Scroll direction: `vertical` or `horizontal`                                |
| `scrollGestureDirection`  | `string`               | `vertical`      | Your gesture direction on your trackpad/magic mouse or your touch devices. `vertical`, `horizontal` or `both`                                                                |
| `scrollDuration`          | `number`               | `1.2`           | The duration of scroll animation (in seconds).                              |
| `scrollEasing`            | `function`             | `Math.min(1, 1.001 - Math.pow(2, -10 * t))`           | The easing function to use for the scroll animation, our default is custom but you can pick one from <a href="https://easings.net/en">Easings.net</a>.    |
| `scrollInfinite`          | `boolean`              | `false`         | Enable infinite scrolling.                                                  |
| `scrollTouchMultiplier`   | `number`               | `2`             | Multiply touch action to scroll faster than finger movement.                                    |
| `scrollWheelMultiplier`   | `number`               | `1`             | Multiply wheel action to scroll faster than wheel movement.                                    |
| `scrollWrapper`           | `HTMLElement, Window`  | `window`        | The element that will be used as the scroll container.                      |

### Styles

#### SASS
Import the SASS file

```SCSS
@import "byc-animations/dist/byc-animations";
```

You can override the following variables (need to be done before importing the BYC-animation SASS files):

| Variable                         | Default                | Description                                                                                   |
| -------------------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `$animate-easing`                | `ease-in-out` | Default transition easing value  
| `$animate-delay`                 | `0s`          | Default delay value  
| `$animate-duration`              | `0.35s`       | Default transition duration value                                                             |  
| `$animate-opacity-duration`      | `0.35s`       | Default opacity duration value   
| `$animate-opacity-start`         | `0`           | Default opacity start value  
| `$animate-opacity-end`           | `1`           | Default opacity end value   
| `$animate-border-radius`         | `0`           | Default border-radius value on reveal pseudo-elements 
| `$animate-background-color`      | `#FFFFFF`     | Default background-color value of reveal animation 
| `$animate-foreground-color`      | `#F4F4F4`     | Default foreground-color value of reveal animation 
| `$animate-reveal-delay`          | `0.35s`       | Default reveal delay value   
| `$animate-reveal-duration`       | `0.4s`        | Default reveal duration value   
| `$animate-slide-duration`        | `0.65s`       | Default slide duration value    
| `$animate-slide-offset`          | `50px`        | Default slide offset value   
| `$animate-zoom-start`            | `.5`          | Default zoom start value                             |
| `$animate-zoom-end`              | `none`        | Default zoom end value                               |

### CSS

| Variable                         | Default                | Description                                                                                   |
| -------------------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-easing`                | `ease-in-out` | Default transition easing value  
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-delay`                 | `0s`          | Default delay value  
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-duration`              | `0.35s`       | Default transition duration value                                                             |  
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-opacity-duration`      | `0.35s`       | Default opacity duration value   
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-opacity-start`         | `0`           | Default opacity start value  
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-opacity-end`           | `1`           | Default opacity end value   
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-border-radius`         | `0`           | Default border-radius value on reveal pseudo-elements 
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-background-color`      | `#FFFFFF`     | Default background-color value of reveal animation 
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-foreground-color`      | `#F4F4F4`     | Default foreground-color value of reveal animation 
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-reveal-delay`          | `0.35s`       | Default reveal delay value   
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-reveal-duration`       | `0.4s`        | Default reveal duration value   
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-slide-duration`        | `0.65s`       | Default slide duration value    
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-slide-offset`          | `50px`        | Default slide offset value   
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-zoom-start`            | `.5`          | Default zoom start value                             |
| `--#{$prefix}-animate-zoom-end`              | `none`        | Default zoom end value                               |

### Markup

```HTML
<div data-animate="fade">Lorem ipsum</div>
<p data-animate="slide" data-animate-delay=".15">Dolor sit amet consecatur</p>
```

## Element attributes for animate-content function

| Attribute                            | Type                     | Description                                                                              |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `data-animate`                       | `string` (`fade`, `reveal`, `slide`, `zoom`)                         | Detect if element is in viewport. Add classes `.in-view` and `.out-view`. Applies selected animation (CSS). |
| `data-animate-effect`                | `string` (`fade`, `reveal`, `slide`, `zoom`)                         | Batch method: Detect if targeted elements are in viewport. Add classes `.in-view` and `.out-view`. Applies selected animation (CSS). |
| `data-animate-batch`                 | `string`                 | (Optional) Batch method: Use on wrapper elements and specify which children's class to target. It will apply the desired data-attributes on those. |
| `data-animate-repeat`                | `boolean`                | (Optional) Allow to repeat animation every time element enters viewport |
| `data-animate-start`                 | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default start position. First value represents the part of the trigger which will initiate the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport. Ex: `top center`  |
| `data-animate-end`                   | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default end position. First value represents the part of the trigger which will trigger the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport. Ex: `center 20%`  |
| `data-animate-trigger`               | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default trigger element. Ex: `#page-title`  |
| `data-animate-easing`                | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default easing. Ex: `ease-out` or `cubic-bezier(0.550, 0.055, 0.675, 0.190)`  |
| `data-animate-delay`                 | `number`                 | (Optional) Set transition-delay on element. Value in seconds.    
| `data-animate-duration`              | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default transition duration CSS property. Value in seconds. |
| `data-animate-opacity-duration`      | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default transition duration CSS property of opacity. Value in seconds. |
| `data-animate-opacity-start`         | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default opacity CSS property at the beginning of the animation. Value from 0.0 - 1.0 |
| `data-animate-opacity-end`           | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default opacity CSS property at the end of the animation. Value from 0.0 - 1.0 |
| `data-animate-border-radius`         | `string`                 | (Optional) Specific to `reveal` animations, border-radius value in any unit (px, %, rem, em) |
| `data-animate-background`            | `string`                 | (Optional) Specific to `reveal` animations, background-color of the `::before` pseudo-element |
| `data-animate-foreground`            | `string`                 | (Optional) Specific to `reveal` animations, background-color of the `::after` pseudo-element |
| `data-animate-reveal-delay`          | `number`                 | (Optional) Specific to `reveal` animations, delay transition between the background and foreground pseudo-elements. Value in seconds. |
| `data-animate-reveal-duration`       | `number`                 | (Optional) Specific to `reveal` animations, override default transition duration of background and foreground animations. Value in seconds. |
| `data-animate-slide-duration`        | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default transition duration CSS property of translateY. Value in seconds. |                            |
| `data-animate-slide-offset`          | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default translateY value for "slide" transition. Can be in px or %  |
| `data-animate-zoom-start`            | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default scale CSS property at the beginning of the animation. Value is a number or a percentage |
| `data-animate-zoom-end`              | `number`                 | (Optional) Override default scale CSS property at the end of the animation. Value is a number or a percentage |


## Element attributes for parallax function

| Attribute                    | Type                     | Description                                                                              |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `data-parallax-from`         | `string`                 | Define the starting values to animate "from". Ex: `{ "opacity": "1", "translateY": "0" }`|
| `data-parallax-to`           | `string`                 | Define the end values to animate "to". Ex: `{ "opacity": "0.25", "translateY": "-350px" }` |
| `data-parallax-start`        | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default start position. First value represents the part of the trigger which will initiate the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport. Ex: `top center`  |
| `data-parallax-end`          | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default end position. First value represents the part of the trigger which will trigger the animation once it meets the second value. The second value represents a location in the viewport. Ex: `center 20%`  |
| `data-parallax-scrub`        | `boolean, number`        | (Optional) <ul style="margin-top: 5px; padding-left: 15px;"><li> **Boolean:** if `true`, links the animation's progress directly to the ScrollTrigger's progress.</li> <li> **Number:** The amount of time (in seconds) that the playhead should take to "catch up", so scrub: 0.5 would cause the animation's playhead to take 0.5 seconds to catch up with the scrollbar's position. It's great for smoothing things out.</li></ul> |
| `data-parallax-trigger`      | `string`                 | (Optional) Override default trigger element. Ex: `#page-title`  |

### Instance methods

| Method                       | Description                                                | Arguments                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ---------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `destroy(animate, scroll)`   | `Destroys the scroll events.`                              | <ul style="padding-left: 15px;"><li>`animate` (boolean): Destroy all scroll triggers, `true` by default.</li><li>`scroll` (boolean): Destroy lenis scroll, `true` by default.</li></ul>       |
| `refresh()`                  | `Recalculates the positioning of all of the ScrollTriggers on the page; this typically happens automatically when the window/scroller resizes but you can force it by calling .refresh()`  |        |
| `scrollTo(target, options)`  | `Scroll to target.`                                        | `target`: goal to reach <ul><li>`number`: value to scroll in pixels</li><li>`string`: CSS selector or keyword (top, left, start, bottom, right, end)</li><li>`HTMLElement`: DOM element</li></ul> `target`: goal to reach <ul><li>`offset` (number): equivalent to <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/scroll-padding-top">scroll-padding-top</a></li><li>`lerp` (number): animation lerp intensity</li><li>`duration` (number): animation duration (in seconds)</li><li>`easing` (function): animation easing</li><li>`immediate` (boolean): ignore duration, easing and lerp</li><li>`lock` (boolean): whether or not to prevent the user from scrolling until the target is reached</li><li>`force` (boolean): reach target even if instance is stopped</li><li>`onComplete` (function): called when the target is reached</li></ul>     |
| `start()`                    | `Resumes the scroll`                                       |        |
| `stop()`                     | `Pauses the scroll`                                        |        |
